feat: filtering (#5)
jina-ai/executor-elasticsearch-indexer: README.md

# will print "The ID of the best match of [1,1] is: b"
print('The ID of the best match of [1,1] is: ', docs[0].matches[0].id)
```

### Using filtering

> To do filtering with the ElasticSearchIndexer you should first define columns and precise the dimension of your embedding space.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To leverage a filter with  `ElasticSearchIndexer` you should first define the columns and the dimension of your embedding space, with `columns` and `n_dim` respectively.
```
